Add natural language linting (#335)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/attributes/queries/attributes-form.md

# attributesForm query

> The `attributesForm` query retrieves EAV attributes associated with customer and customer address front-end forms.

Author: ```suggestion
The `attributesForm` query retrieves EAV attributes associated with customer and customer address frontend forms.
```
